(theme music playing) (grunting) (voices whispering) (screeches) (Meera grunting) (groans) (panting) (grunting) (cawing) Burn them all! Where's my sister? - (groans) - (caws) Aerys: Burn them all! (Meera panting) (shouts, panting) (grunts) (sobbing) (murmuring) Please. Aerys: Burn them. Burn them all! (wights shrieking) - Aerys: Burn them all! - (Bran screams) (growling) Meera. They found us. - (growling) - (Meera gasps) (crying) I'm so sorry. (growling) (whinnies) (snarling) (howling) (whinnies) Come with me, now. (growling) The dead don't rest. (grunts) (grunts) (growling) (horse whinnies) It's so green. Oh, yes. Once you get south of the Riverlands, very different sorts of trees start to take over. Maple, elm, beech, poplar. The odd willow. And of course now that summer's over, you'll start seeing the autumn colors coming in. Still, you'll find more green here than anywhere else. You're nervous. You're a nervous talker. That's not any better being a nervous mute. I didn't think I'd ever come back here after my father made me renounce my title and inheritance and, well, threaten to kill me if I didn't. A person just doesn't feel welcome at that point. And I certainly didn't expect to be introducing him to my family. So you know what to tell them. That Little Sam is your baby. Yes, now that's very important. If he thinks that Little Sam is his grandchild, he'll take you in. He'll get an education. He'll learn to read. And you can help teach him. Huh? What did you tell your family about me? I told them I met you in the North. Did you tell them how far north? Well, it wasn't a very large piece of parchment. You didn't tell them where I'm really from? You didn't tell them I'm a wildling? The thing is my father doesn't like wildlings. He hoped I'd make a man of myself by "killing some bloody wildlings," so it's probably a good subject to avoid if at all possible. I think we're here. (birds chirping) Sam. (laughs) Oh, Sam. Oh, hello, Mother. I never thought I'd see you again. - You look wonderful. - Oh. (groans) Talla? Gods, you're a woman now. Father says I have to marry Symun Fossoway. - He has yellow teeth-- - That's enough, Talla. Oh, um, Mother, this is Gilly. Oh, my. You are lovely. I am happy to know you, Lady Tarly. Oh, and this, this is our son Samwell. Hello, little one. (laughs) It's me, your grandmother. (laughs) May I hold him? Yes, of course. Oh. You have a curious mind, I can tell. You'll be a scholar like your father. Where is Father? And Dickon? They're on a hunt. They'll join us for dinner. Come inside. Such a journey. You must be exhausted. Come, you'll be wanting a bath after all that travel. Oh, and a dress for dinner. You can wear one of mine. What's your color? Midnight blue or silver? Silver, maybe. Come. You can choose one of my bedrooms if you want. (pigeons coo, wings flapping) Is there no other way? You're afraid for her? Of course I'm afraid for her! It just seems very dangerous. She'll be protected the entire way. The Faith Militant are very stern with those who overstep their bounds. And Queen Margaery isn't your mother. I suspect the gods will predispose the common people to gentleness on her behalf. She's truly opened her heart to them. She's always been very devoted to the poor and the unfortunate. And now she's devoted to the gods as well. Would you like to see her? (door opens) Have they hurt you? Have they mistreated you? - No, Your Grace. - I've missed you. More than you could know. We'll be together again soon and everything will be better than it was before. Better how? Soon the-- walk of atonement. He says there's no other way. Have you spoken to him at all, the High Sparrow? Yes, a few times. Have you? Yes, I have. He's not quite what we thought he was, is he? (chuckles) You think I'm mad. I sound mad. No. No, you don't. You-- you could never. You're right, he's not. He's a lot more-- He is. There's something about him. His way of looking at the world. It's not an easy thing admitting to yourself what you really are. It's taken me a while. He's helped me. What are you talking about? You're a good person. You've always been a good person. - You're the best person I know. - (chuckles) I was just telling him about your devotion to the poor. Ah, yes, I visited their hovels and I fed them soup and I made sure I was seen doing it. I never gave them what they really needed, though. I've had lots of time to think about how good I was at seeming good. All those stories I told myself about who I was and why I did the things I did. There were so many lies in those stories. I don't understand. It's all right. It really is. It's such a relief to let go of those lies. What about Loras? I love my brother. I will always love my brother. His soul is pure and perfect. His sins don't erase that purity, they only obscure it. He just needs to atone for them. We all do. Sooner or later, one way or another. The gods have a plan for us all. (footsteps) It's hard to walk in this. It's beautiful. You're beautiful. (sighs) This venison, it's very tasty. Is it from today's hunt? Well, no. We haven't been able to cure that one yet. This is last week's. Oh, of course. Sorry. - Long journey. - (Dickon chuckles) Brought it down from 70 yards. One shot. Oh, that's a fair distance. So do you do much hunting up at the Wall? Oh, yes. Yes. A good amount. North of the Wall, you don't hunt, you don't eat. Mm-hmm. Mostly deer or is it elk as well? Rabbits. Sometimes squirrels. I say "we," it's my friend Jon mostly. Sometimes Edd. Oh, and Gilly. She's-- she's quite a good hunter as well. Um, huntress. Melessa: I imagine it's common where you're from. We once met a man, Lord Umber from Last Hearth, wasn't it, Randyll, who said he taught all his daughters how to hunt. Talla: Your father taught you to hunt? Our father would never teach us. I think our father could learn a thing or two from your father. That's enough of that. Samwell, would you care for more bread? Oh, yes. Yes, please. Thank you, Mother. Not fat enough already? I travelled south under orders from the Lord Commander. - He wants me to-- - I read your letter. You're to be a maester. Yes. And once I have my chain, I'll return to Castle Black. I thought the Night's Watch might make a man of you. Something resembling a man at least. You managed to stay soft and fat. Your nose buried in books. Spending your life reading about the achievements of better men. I'll wager you still can't sit a horse or wield a sword. Randyll, to be maester of the Night's Watch is a great honor. He can wield a sword. He killed a Thenn. He killed a white walker. (laughs) There's no such thing. I saw it with my own eyes on our way down to Castle Black. He drove a dagger into the walker's heart. He risked his own life to save mine more than once. He's a greater warrior than either of you will ever be. Your way down to Castle Black? Where did he kill a white walker? Where are you from? How'd you come to meet my son? The Night's Watch came to our keep. - Where? - Gilly. - North of the Wall. - North of the Wall? You're a wildling. The Seven Kingdoms have waged war against these savages for centuries and here I sit hosting one in my hall thanks to my son. See that sword? It's called Heartsbane. It's been in our family for 500 years. It's Valyrian steel. Only a handful of them left in the world. It's supposed to go to my firstborn son after I die. To him. He will never wield that sword. If he were to become Lord Tarly of Horn Hill, it would be the end of this house. I took you for a Mole's Town whore when I saw you and I made my peace with that. Who else would have him? But I overestimated him. No. It was a wildling whore that seduced my son. This you getting back at me, boy? Hmm? Bringing that to my table and making me dine with it? And you got what you were after, didn't you? A bastard. A half-breed bastard. Your invitation into our home. Come, my dear. Talla. I've lost my appetite. He dishonors us. You dishonor yourself. Your mother's a fine woman. You're not worthy of her. To please her, I'll take the wildling in. She can work in the kitchens. The bastard will be raised here. But this will be the last night you ever spend at Horn Hill. I'm sorry I let him treat you that way. I was afraid he'd turn you and Little Sam away. I'm not angry at you. I'm angry that horrible people can treat good people that way and get away with it. When do you have to go? First light. (Little Sam fussing) (crying) Say good-bye to him for me. You're not what he thinks you are, Sam. He doesn't know what you are. Good-bye, Gilly. - Sam? - We're leaving. - What? - Get your things. I don't have any things. - What are you doing? - We belong together. All of us. What about your mother and sister? Oh, they'll understand. Your sister's dress. She won't mind. Looks better on you anyway. Sam. That's your father's sword. It's my family's sword. (groans) Sam. Won't he come for it? He can bloody well try. - (music playing) - (crowd cheering) The lion and the rose are one. I thank the gods above. And to you, my beauteous bride, I pledge undying love. All: Hail King Joffrey. Hail Queen Margaery. I'll drink a toast to my new queen, for there is no one fairer. Dear Uncle, will you share my joy and be my royal cupbearer? Drink long and deep, my noble king, from this cup of sweet wine. The last drink he shall ever take. And vengeance shall be mine. - (laughs) - (audience booing) - (gagging) - (audience gasps) Poison! Murder! I gasp. I-- I die. - (Arya laughs) - (gagging) I limp. And it was he - (audience gasps, boos) - that poisoned me. My evil Uncle Imp. (laughing) - (audience booing) - (laughing) Calm down, dear. My firstborn son. My golden lion foully, falsely slain. I pray you found a lasting peace free from strife and pain. Hear my prayer, O cruel gods. Take my life instead. For I cannot face another day when my sweet boy is dead. Oh, woe. Oh, grief. (crying) Oh, darkest day, my heart is full of sorrow. All hope is lost. All joy is gone. And there is no tomorrow. (applause) What is that I hear and smell? Someone I'll soon send to hell. It's time to see if truth they told who said Tywin Lannister shits gold. - (groans) - (audience gasps) You beast. You beast. You killed my wife and now you've taken your father's life. No worse child ever stained this land. Curse the day I named you. (groaning) - (farts) - (laughing) My greatest crime. Now I must flee. Then sail across the Narrow Sea to do unto you more treachery. Don't fear winter. Fear me! - (laughing) - (audience gasps) (booing) Izembaro: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Bianca, Clarenzo. - I give you Bobono. - (booing) I give you Camello. And last but not least, sweet Lady Crane. (cheering) Give this a good beating. Shake those fleas out. That's a dear. That crowd was shit. Girl. What are you doing back here? Nothing. I saw you the other day in the audience. How many times have you seen this stupid play? Three times. Did you pay? No. I remember when the players came to my village. I didn't have any money, so I snuck in. Just like you. Saw the painted faces, the costumes, listened to the songs, cried when the young lovers died in each other's arms. I ran off and joined them the next day, never looked back. You're very good. My final speech is shit. But to be fair to myself, which I always like to be, the writing's no good. So change it. It would all just be farting, belching, and slapping without you. How would you change it? The queen loves her son more than anything. And he was taken from her before she could say good-bye. She wouldn't just cry. She would be angry. She would want to kill the person who did this to her. What's your name? Mercy. You have very expressive eyes, Mercy. Wonderful eyebrows. Do you like pretending to be other people? I have to go. My father's waiting for me. Lady Crane, they loved you. They were sweet. Or drunk. Drunkenly sweet. No laugh for Ned's death. These people are worse than animals. But they loved her. They all love her. Yes, you are adored by people and animals alike. I do what I can with what I'm given. With what you're given? Well, I was thinking-- Oh, we're all thinkers now, are we? Full to the tits with ideas. - I didn't mean-- - You have ideas, I have ideas, he has ideas. Why should my ideas have any more value than yours simply because I've been doing this my whole life? Who is anyone to judge my work? This is my profession. I know what I'm doing. You have no right to an opinion. (gasps) Careful of that one. She wants you dead. And? As I expected. A shame. A girl had many gifts. You promised me. Don't let her suffer. Company, halt! My lord. My lord. My friends, the hour has come. Madness has overtaken this city and grasped in its claws my children. But now we must drive it back under the rocks whence it came. Madness has had its day! Captain: Forward, march! Rich or poor, noble or common, if we sin, we must atone. Margaery of House Tyrell came to us a sinner. She stood before the gods in the holy sept and lied. She turned a blind eye to her brother's sins. She disgraced her house, her king, and herself. (crowd murmuring) Captain: Company, halt! Face front! Turn! High Sparrow: Lord Tyrell. Ser Jaime. Sorry to interrupt. We're here for Queen Margaery and Ser Loras Tyrell. Give them to us and we'll be on our way. I don't have the authority to give them to you. And you don't have the authority to take them. - (crowd murmuring) - That's right. Hyah. - Captain: Lock spears! - (soldiers grunt) I speak for King Tommen of House Baratheon, First of His Name. The gods don't recognize his authority in this matter. You've already insulted one great house. It won't happen twice. Every last sparrow will die before Margaery Tyrell walks down that street. To die in the service of the gods would please each and every one of us. We yearn for it. But there is no call for it today. There will be no walk of atonement. (crowd murmuring) Captain: Order up. Queen Margaery has already atoned for her sins by bringing another into the true light of the Seven. (crowd murmuring) Together we announce a new age of harmony. A holy alliance between the Crown and the Faith. (crowd cheering) Woman: Long live King Tommen and bless you, Queen Margaery! The Crown and the Faith are the twin pillars upon which the world rests. Together we will restore the Seven Kingdoms to glory. (crowd cheering) What's happening? He's beaten us. That's what's happening. When you attack the Faith, you attack the Crown. Anyone who attacks the Crown is unfit to serve as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. I've been a member of the Kingsguard since before you were born. You don't have to do this. You don't have to do anything. I have to answer to the gods. Not when you're sitting in that chair. The Crown's decision on this matter is final. Will I be walking naked in the streets? Or will I spend a few months in the sept dungeons first to teach me about the gods' mercy? You have served your house and your king faithfully for many years. And you will continue to do so. But not in this city. You've lost it? Black Walder: Yes, Father. It's a castle, not a bloody sheep. Presumably you still know where it is. You didn't lose Riverrun. You let the Blackfish take it from you. He surprised us. He knows the castle better than anyone. You did lose the Blackfish after the Red Wedding. You had him right here in this hall and you let him leave. Then when I told you to hunt him down and kill him, you couldn't find him. That's what it means to lose something. Now he's come back and taken Riverrun. I don't think it's fair to blame us-- For 300 years we kissed Tully boots, swore oaths to them and their stinking fish banners. Not again. Riverrun is ours. Take it back. We don't have the men. We've got 10 times as many men as the damn Blackfish. Black Walder: The Mallisters have risen against us. And the Blackwoods. Lothar: The Brotherhood Without Banners is rallying the commoners against us, raiding our supply trains and camps. Black Walder: Riverrun can withstand a siege for a year. If I want excuses, I'll put her in charge. They're laughing at us. All across the Riverlands right down to King's Landing, they're laughing at us. I hear it in my sleep! I'm not dead yet, unfortunately for you. And I'll not leave this world until they all choke on that laughter. Take that castle back. He'll never yield, Father. Oh, he'll yield. You'll show him the knife you used to kill Robb Stark's child in his whore mother's belly, and you'll show him the knife you used to open his niece's throat. And you'll remind him who it was that got married at the Red Wedding in the first place. His nephew. (chains rattling) Cheer up, Lord Edmure. You're going home. I'm being sent to deal with the Blackfish. Apparently Walder Frey can't manage it on his own because he's 400 years old. Sent me with an army to the Riverlands and a siege that could last months. Better you're elsewhere at the head of an army than in the sept dungeons. I'm not going to the Riverlands. (pouring) What, then? I'm going to give Bronn the largest bag of gold anyone's ever seen and have him gather the best killers he knows. I'll take them to the sept and I'll remove the High Sparrow's head and every other sparrow head I can find. - You can't. - He has our son! He stole our son! He's torn our family apart. How should we treat people who tear us apart? We should treat them without mercy and we will. But if you kill the High Sparrow, you won't leave the sept alive. And without you, this is all for nothing. Stand at the head of our army where you belong, where Father wanted you. Show our men where their loyalties belong. Show them what Lannisters are, what we do to our enemies. And take that stupid little castle back because it's ours and because you can. You'll stand trial soon. I need to be here for you. It will be a trial by combat. I have the Mountain. They've made us both stronger, all of them. They have no idea how strong we are. No idea what we're going to do to them. We've always been together. We'll always be together. We're the only two people in the world. Why did you help us? The Three-Eyed Raven sent for me. The Three-Eyed Raven's dead. Now he lives again. (gasps) When I last saw you, you were a boy. A fearless boy. Loved to climb the castle walls, frighten his mother. Who are you? Uncle Benjen. The last letter Jon wrote me said you had been lost beyond the Wall. I led a ranging party deep into the North to find white walkers. They found us. A white walker stabbed me in the gut with a sword of ice. Left me there to die. To turn. The Children found me. Stopped the walker's magic from taking hold. How? The same way they made the walkers in the first place. You saw it yourself. Dragonglass. A shard of dragonglass plunged into your heart. You are the Three-Eyed Raven now. I didn't have time to learn. I can't control anything. You must learn to control it before the Night King comes. Drink. One way or another, he will find his way to the world of men. When he does, you will be there waiting for him. And you will be ready. - (horse whinnies) - (bird screeching) (horse whinnies) (shouts in Dothraki) Daario: Everything all right? How many days' ride to Meereen? A week at best. How many ships will I need to bring my khalasar to Westeros? Dothraki and all their horses, the Unsullied, the Second Sons-- 1,000 ships easily. - Probably more. - And who has that many? Nobody. Nobody yet. So we ride for Meereen and after that we sail for Westeros. And what then? I take what is mine. You weren't made to sit on a chair in a palace. What was I made for? You're a conqueror, Daenerys Stormborn. (wind blowing) Wait here. (bird screeching) (horses whinny) (Dothraki muttering) (dragon roaring) (murmuring) (roaring) - (horses whinnying) - (shouting) (roars) (roars) (cheering) (cheering) (cheering) (cheering) (cheering continues) (cheering) (roars)