(theme music playing) (wind blowing) (wolf howling) (howling continues) (howling continues) (door rattles) (howling continues) (door rattling) (wolf whimpering) (rattling continues) (howling continues) (Ghost whimpering, howling) - (rattling continues) - (whimpering, howling continue) Man: It's coming from the courtyard. - (Ghost howling) - Man #2: It's the Lord Commander! Help me get him inside. (howling continues) (door closes) Thorne did this. How many of your brothers do you think you can trust? Trust? The men in this room. Davos: Does the wolf know you? We need all the help we can get. (knocking on door) Melisandre: Ser Davos. (door closes) Melisandre: I saw him in the flames fighting at Winterfell. I can't speak for the flames but he's gone. (men shouting) Man: He was our Lord Commander. Man #2: He never should have been! (pounds) - You all know why you're here. - (shouting stops) (men murmuring) Jon Snow is dead. Who killed him? - I did. - (shouting resumes) And Bowen Marsh and Othell Yarwyck and the other officers in this castle. - Murderers! - Traitors! - (men shouting) - (pounds on table) - You're right! - (shouting stops) We've committed treason, all of us. Jon Snow was my Lord Commander. I had no love for him. That was no secret. But I never once disobeyed an order. Loyalty is the foundation on which the Night's Watch is built. And the Watch means everything to me. I have given my life, we have all given our lives to the Night's Watch. Jon Snow was going to destroy the Night's Watch. He let the wildlings through our gates as no Lord Commander has ever done before. He gave them the very land on which they reaved and raped and murdered. Lord Commander Snow did what he thought was right, I've no doubt about that. And what he thought was right would have been the end of us. He thrust a terrible choice upon us. And we made it. (men murmuring) (whimpering) Davos: He'll have seen we didn't come. Thorne will have made it official by now. Castle Black is his. I don't care who's sitting at the high table. Jon was my friend. And those fuckers butchered him. Now we return the favor. We don't have the numbers. - We have a direwolf. - It's not enough. I didn't know Lord Commander Snow for long, but I have to believe he wouldn't have wanted his friends to die for nothing. If you were planning to see tomorrow, you picked the wrong room. We all die today. I say we do our best to take Thorne with us when we go. We need to fight, but we don't need to die. - Not if we have help. - Who is gonna help us? You're not the only ones who owe your lives to Jon Snow. Bolt the door. Don't let anyone in. I'll be back as soon as I can. (door closes) (bolt clicks) (wind howling) Ramsay: She was 11 the first time I saw her. The kennelmaster's daughter. She smelled of dog. I wasn't much older, but everybody was already afraid of me. You certainly were. Myranda wasn't, though. What could I do to her that those hounds couldn't? She was fearless. There was nothing she wouldn't do. Your pain will be paid for a thousand times over. I wish you could be here to watch. Maester: Shall I have a grave dug for her, my lord? Or would you rather the men build a pyre? Buried, burned? This is good meat. Feed it to the hounds. Roose: Your command of the cavalry was impressive. Thanks to you, the false king Stannis Baratheon is dead. Do you know who struck the killing blow? - No. - A shame. I'd reward the man. Still, a great victory. Do you feel like a victor? I rebelled against the crown to arrange your marriage to Sansa Stark. Do you think that burning wagons in the night and mowing down tired, outnumbered Baratheons is the same as facing a prepared and provisioned Lannister army? No. A reckoning will come. We need the North to face it. The entire North. They won't back us without Sansa Stark. We no longer have Sansa Stark. You played your games with her. You played your games with the heir to the Iron Islands and now they're both gone. I have a team of men after them with some of my best hounds. They won't get far. I'm glad to hear it. Without Sansa, you won't be able to produce an heir. And without an heir, well let's hope the maesters are right and Lady Walda's carrying a boy. (dogs barking) (barking continues) (panting) We can't stop. (barking continues) We have to cross here. - (gasps) I can't. - It's the only way to throw off the hounds. But it's too cold. I can't. I won't make it. I'll die. I've seen what his hounds do to a person. This way is better. (barking continues) (gasping) (shivering) (gasping) Over here. Come on. (shivering) Sansa. Sansa. (dogs barking) Man: Tell them to settle down! Stay here. I'll lure them away. No, I won't make it without you. You will. Go north, only north. Jon is Lord Commander at Castle Black. He'll help you. (barking, howling) (men shouting) Man: See somebody, eh? - Man #2: There they are! - Man #3: Get them! Where is Lady Bolton? - Dead. - Liar. Theon: She broke her leg jumping from the ramparts. I left her to die in the snow. (barking) Got something! Run! (horse whinnies) Man: Hyah! - (dogs barking) - (men shouting) (whimpering) - (horse whinnies) - Man #2: Resist. Stay. (growling, barking) - (barking continues) - Man #2: Stay. I can't wait to see what parts Ramsay cuts off you this time. (man #3 grunting) (whimpering) (horse whinnies) Man #2: Rider! Who is it? - It's a bloody woman. - (shouts) (whinnies) (roars) (grunts) (groans) (shouts) (whinnies) (neighs) (whinnies) (groans) (groaning) No! Please! (grunts) (panting) (squelches) (gasping) Lady Sansa, I offer my services once again. I will shield your back and keep your counsel and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the old gods and the new. And I vow that you shall always have a place by my hearth and Meat and mead at my table. meat and mead at my table. And I pledge to ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the old gods and the new. Arise. (seagulls screeching) (door opens) Handmaiden: Your Grace, I'm sorry to disturb you. A ship from Dorne has sailed into the harbor. Myrcella. (seagull screeching) (bell tolling) Do you remember the first time you saw a dead body? Mother. All I could think about when she died was what would happen to her now. Every day, every night, what does Mama look like now? Has she started to bloat? Has her skin turned black? Have her lips peeled back from her teeth? I think about locking Myrcella in a crypt. I think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse. Shh, shh. Don't think about it. I have to. I have to. It's not right she has to suffer alone. She's not suffering. She's gone. No one can hurt her anymore. She was good. From her first breath, she was so sweet. I don't know where she came from. She was nothing like me. No meanness, no jealousy, just good. I know. I thought if I could make something so good, so pure - maybe I'm not a monster. - Listen-- listen to me. She was my daughter and I failed her. No, I knew this would happen. The witch told me years ago. She promised me three children and she promised me they'd die. "And gold their shrouds." Everything she said came true. You couldn't have stopped it. It's prophecy. It's fate. - You don't believe that. - Of course I do. You told me yourself when Father died. You said we had to stay together. You said people would try to tear us apart, take what's ours. That was a prophecy, too. I didn't listen to you and everything you said came true. Fuck prophecy. Fuck fate. Fuck everyone who isn't us. We're the only ones who matter, the only ones in this world. And everything they've taken from us, we're going to take back and more. We're going to take everything there is. "The Seven Hells brim with the souls of saintly men. They scream in agony and their shame is so great, they do not feel the flames, for now they see if not for a single sin they concealed, they were saved." I'd like to see my brother. - Confess. - Please. How is he? At least tell me that. Confess. I am the queen and I demand to see my brother. Sinners don't make demands. They make confessions. (gasps) (door opens) Septa Unella. (sighs) Our other guests need you. - (gasps) - There. Septa Unella can be overzealous at times. I'll speak with her. My brother, can you tell me how he is? It isn't Ser Loras that brings me here. Your husband misses you dearly. The love between a man and wife is sacred. It reflects the love the gods have for all of us. But sin leads us away from the sacred. And only confession can purge sin. I have nothing to confess. So you believe you are pure? Perfect? Wholly without sin? None of us are. You have started down the path. But you have many miles to go. (door opens, closes) I always envied Oberyn. He lived. He truly lived. Sailed around the world. Fought men from every country. Lay with the most beautiful women alive. - And men. - And men. He experienced everything while I sat here in Dorne trying my best to keep my people alive and well fed. But that is life. We each have our roles. Oberyn was born to be an adventurer. And I was born to rule. The gods are not fools. You would have been a lousy adventurer. And Oberyn, pfft, he would have been a terrible ruler. Your mother is a brilliant woman, you know that? Maester: Prince Doran. The Princess Myrcella. (gasping) When was the last time you left this palace? You don't know your own people. - Their disgust for you. - (Doran coughing) Elia Martell raped and murdered, and you did nothing. Oberyn Martell butchered, and you did nothing. You're not a Dornishman. You're not our prince. My son Trystane (scoffs) Your son is weak just like you. And weak men will never rule Dorne again. I told you I'm not hungry. We're not here to feed you. We're here to kill you. You want her to do it or me? We are family. I don't want to hurt you. Her or me? You. Good. Smart boy. You're a greedy bitch, you know that? (door opens, door closes) Tyrion: We're never going to fix what's wrong with this city from the top of an 800-foot pyramid. We'll be fine. We're dressed like common merchants. You walk like a rich person. You've spent a lot of time studying the way rich people walk? You walk as though the paving stones were your personal property. I used to steal from people like you when I was a boy. It's a good thing you're not a boy anymore. Because you have no cock. (baby fussing) She thinks you want to eat her baby. (speaks Valyrian) - Varys: Mhysa means mother in Valyrian. - I know what mhysa means. - Varys: Who wrote it? - Hard to know. Our queen is not as popular in Meereen as she used to be. The Sons of the Harpy? Very possibly. Daenerys Targaryen took away their most valuable property, told them human beings weren't even property to begin with. You can see why they're unhappy. Of course, it could also be the freed men. Many of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them. She did fly away on a dragon and not come back. It's a problem. Fear has brought Meereen to a standstill. Whoever you are, wherever you go, someone in this city wants to murder you. We can't fight an enemy we don't know. The Sons of the Harpy planned their attack in the fighting pits very carefully, which means they take orders from someone. And have you started looking for that someone? My little birds have already taken wing. Soon they'll return, singing songs of men in gold masks. (men shouting in Valyrian) - (people shouting) - (bell tolling) - (shouting continues) - (bell continues tolling) Well, we won't be sailing to Westeros anytime soon. Goat? Ram. You think our friend got him? Don't know anything else that can melt a ram's horn. We're on the right path, then. Daario: Perhaps she's tired of being queen. I don't think she likes it very much. She's too smart to like it. Maybe she's flown somewhere else, somewhere far away from men like us. I've been all over the world. There's no escaping men like us. There's no escaping her, eh? You keep coming back. Why? You know why. Isn't it frustrating wanting someone who doesn't want you back? Of course it is. You're a romantic. I admire that. Sometimes I look at you and I think, "So that's what I'll be like when I grow old." If you grow old. If I grow old. I hope I do. I want to see what the world looks like when she's done conquering it. So do I. Daario: Huh, an army? Not an army. A horde. Dothraki? They have her. (people shouting) - (shouts in Dothraki) - (groans) (chuckles, kisses) No. (men laugh) (chatter) (distant dog barking) Woman: But there has to be a price to pay for everything. Man: I know, but have you tried telling him that? (chatter continues) Thank you. Man: Who'd go there after what happened to that Kingsguard? - Man #2: Probably had it coming. - Man: Maybe so, but I'm not risking it. - Man #2: Just can't do it. - Man: All right. Woman: Honesty as well. He gets it. (chatter continues) Waif: Are you listening, blind girl? Do you hear them talking? Do any of them talk to you? No. So sad. (coins jingle) - (groans) - Stand and fight, blind girl. I can't see. That's your problem, not mine. (groans) (grunts) (panting) (grunts) See you tomorrow. (panting) (growling) (pounding) Ser Davos, we have no cause to fight. We are both anointed knights. Hear that, lads? Nothing to fear. Alliser: I will grant amnesty to all brothers who throw down their arms before nightfall. And you, Ser Davos, I will allow you to travel south a free man with a fresh horse. Davos: And some mutton. I'd like some mutton. - What? - I'm not much of a hunter. I'll need some food if I'm gonna make it south without starving. We'll give you food. You can bring the Red Woman with you if you like. Or you can leave her here with us, whichever you choose. But surrender by nightfall or this ends with blood. Thank you, Ser Alliser. We'll discuss amongst ourselves and come back to you with an answer. (footsteps departing) Boys, I've been running from men like that all my life. In my learned opinion, we open that door-- And they'll slaughter us all. They want to come in, they're gonna come in. - Aye, but we don't need to make it easy for them. - Edd is our only chance. It's a sad fucking statement if Dolorous Edd is our only chance. There's always the Red Woman. What's one redhead gonna do against 40 armed men? You haven't seen her do what I've seen her do.