My son Jorah, fled Westeros. He brought dishonor to our House. I need to turn this bunch of thieves and runaways into men of The Night's Watch. And how's that going, commander Mormont? I shall have your head for this! You're taking us through Valyria. The Doom still rules Valyria. - Stone Men! Don't let them touch you! You? The Eyrie is mine. The last time the lords of the Eyrie formed an alliance with the lords of the North, they brought down the greatest dynasty this world has ever known. Cersei sent for me. I expect I'll be a married woman by the time you return. I hope I can make her happy. She's suffered enough. I'll never hurt her. All sinners are equal before the gods. What would you say if I told you of a great sinner in our very midst? May the Father judge him justly. Who do you think you are? Justice. Your brother was murdered while you sit here and doing nothing. The Sand Snakes are with me. Without Doran, we have no army to march against the Lannisters. Queen Cersei loves her children. And we have one of them. We're rescuing my niece, bringing her back to her family. You ever been to Dorne? The Dornish are crazy. If he gets to her before we do, we lose our only chance for revenge. Here we serve the Many-Faced God. To serve well, a girl must become no one. What do we do with them after we wash them? What are they doing with the bodies? Get back to work. No. I've been here for weeks. I'm not scrubbing one more corpse until you tell me why I'm doing it. You will know why. - When? - When it's time, not before. Get back to work. When do I get to play the game? Game? The game. The Game of Faces. You tried already. You failed. I didn't even know I was playing. Who are you? No one. Get back to work. Who are you? What are you doing here? How did you get here? I'm from Westeros just like you. Daughter of a lord just like you. Except I was an only child. Heir to his fortune. My mother died. My father remarried and his new wife gave birth to a girl. My stepmother didn't want any rivals for her precious daughter, so she tried to kill me with poison. I found out. Sought help from the Faceless Men. And my father was widowed again. I've been serving them ever since. Was that true or a lie? What? Did you believe every word I said? Get back to work. Who are you? Who are you? Arya. And where did you come from? Westeros. My family home is Winterfell. I'm the youngest daughter of a great lord, Eddard Stark. He died in battle. A lie. After he was executed, I fled the capital. Had to kill a stable boy. Drove my sword through his back. A lie. I stabbed him in the gut. I tried to find my mother and brother, but I never did. They were murdered by Walder Frey. An outlaw kidnapped me, a man called Polliver. A man called the Hound. Sandor Clegane. He tried to sell me, but was wounded in a fight. He begged me to kill him, but I wouldn't. I left him in the mountains to die. I wanted him to suffer. I hated him. I hated him. That's not a lie! A girl lies to me, to the Many-Faced God, to herself. Does she truly want to be no one? Yes. I'm not playing this stupid game anymore! We never stop playing. So, those villages we were supposed to find? We can't live on berries and roots. I can. You're not hungry? Of course I'm hungry. You're an awful travelling companion, do you know that? Possibly the least charming man I've ever met. I'm not your travelling companion. We are travelling together in each other's company, therefore-- Do you ever shut up? I sailed from King's Landing to Pentos in a crate without ever saying a word. Why? It never occurred to you to ask why until now? You never wondered why Tyrion Lannister decided to visit a brothel in Volantis? I'm sure you visited many brothels in many cities. I killed my father. He wanted to execute me for a crime I didn't commit. And he was fucking the woman I loved. As miserable as you are, Mormont, at least your father was a good man. What do you know about my father? I met him. I visited the Wall. When I asked him about his men, he knew all their stories, every one of them. He actually cared about the people under his command. How do they put it in the Watch? "We shall never see his like again." Oh, you didn't know. I'm sorry. I am. How? I only know what I heard. How? He was leading an expedition beyond the Wall. There was a mutiny. He was murdered by his own men. We better keep moving. Valar morghulis. Valar dohaeris. I have nowhere else to go. I've taken her to every healer in Braavos. I've spent every penny I had. She suffers every day of her life. I just want it to end. It hurts. I know. Don't be afraid. I used to be like you. I was sick. I was dying. But my father never gave up on me. He loved me more than anything in the world, just like your father loves you. So he brought me here. My father prayed to the Many-Faced God. And I drank the water from his fountain. It healed me. I've devoted my life to him now. You don't want to hurt anymore? Drink. Is a girl ready? To give up her ears, her nose, her tongue? Her hopes and dreams, her loves and hates? All that makes a girl who she is? Forever? No. A girl is not ready to become no one. But she is ready to become someone else. Why Daenerys? Why is she worth all this? As I recall, the Mormonts fought against the Targaryens during Robert's Rebellion. Do you believe in anything? I believe in lots of things. In something greater than ourselves, I mean. The gods, destiny. Do you believe there's a plan for this world? No. Neither did I. I was a cynic just like you. Then I saw a girl step into a great fire with three stone eggs. When the fire burned out, I thought I'd find her blackened bones. Instead, I saw her, Daenerys, alive and unhurt, holding her baby dragons. Have you ever heard baby dragons singing? No. It's hard to be a cynic after that. Doesn't mean she's going to be a great queen. No, it doesn't. The Targaryens are famously insane. What if she conquers the world? Then what? and prosperity? First we have to conquer the world. We? All right, let's assume your dreams come true. She's ecstatic when you bring her this enemy dwarf. She hacks off my head and restores your position. You command her army, sail to Westeros, defeat all your enemies and watch her climb those steps and sit on the Iron Throne. Hurrah. Long live the queen. Then what? Then she rules. So a woman who has not spent a single day of her adult life in Westeros becomes the ruler of Westeros? That's justice? - She's the rightful heir. - Why? Because her father, who burned living men for amusement, was the king? - That's a slave ship. - Why are they anchored? They probably came ashore for-- Got a lot of fight in you, huh? Salt mines? Yeah, that or a galley slave. He looks strong enough. What about the dwarf? Worthless. Cut his throat. Wait. Wait. Wait, wait, wait! Let's discuss this. And then chop off his cock. We'll sell it for a fortune. A dwarf's cock has magic powers. Wait! Wait! Wait, wait, wait! You can't just hand a dry cock to a merchant and expect him to pay for it. He has to know it came from a dwarf. And how could he know unless he sees the dwarf? It will be a dwarf-sized cock. Guess again. The dwarf lives until we find a cock merchant. Queen Daenerys has outlawed slavery. We're bound for Volantis, not Slaver's Bay. Besides, she reopened the fighting pits. I've never heard of free men fighting in the pits. in Meereen? You're in luck, then. You're about to be rich. You are looking at one of the great warriors in the Seven Kingdoms. Him. Him? He's got to be 60 years old. Sure, he's a bit long in the tooth, a bit withered, been in the sun too long. We can all see that. But he is a veteran of 100 battles. They wrote songs about him. That true? He won the tournament at Lannisport. Unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself. - The Kingslayer. Jousting. You're talking about jousting. A fancy game for fancy lads. The men who fight in the pits of Meereen will swallow him whole. I killed a Dothraki bloodrider in single combat. Liar. It's no lie. His name was Qotho. He was bloodrider to Khal Drogo. Take me to Slaver's Bay, put a sword in my hand, I'll prove my worth. For my children. Money. Lord Baelish. Yes? Lancel Lannister. Brother Lancel. We abandon our family names. Quite a family to abandon. The city has changed since you were here last. We flooded the gutters with wine, smashed the false idols, and set the godless on the run. Well done. I'm here on urgent business for the Queen Mother. Should I send word that I'll be delayed? Step carefully, Lord Baelish. You'll find there's little tolerance for flesh peddlers in the new King's Landing. We both peddle fantasies, Brother Lancel. Mine just happen to be entertaining. Do you think it's wise, Your Grace, arresting the heir to Highgarden? The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden. Of course, and the Faith were armed on your orders. The king's orders. Is the king to blame for Ser Loras's perversion? House Tyrell won't tolerate this insult. House Tyrell won't tolerate it? I'm the insulted party, Lord Baelish. Ser Loras was promised to me. Instead he chose the company of boys. One's choice of companion is a curious thing. Most curious. Lysa Arryn, for instance. Thoroughly repellant woman. Forgive me. I know you're still in mourning. Lysa was a good woman. A kind woman. She was neither of those things. We both know it. Still, I pity her son. How fortunate the young Lord of the Vale has a new father to counsel him. I know how hard it can be to lose both your parents at such a young age. If war comes to Westeros, will the Knights of the Vale fight for their king? Young Lord Robin heeds my advice. And I have always counseled loyalty to the throne. Good. If there's nothing else. There is another matter, Your Grace. Something so urgent I couldn't trust the words to a raven. You once charged me with finding Arya Stark. To my shame, I failed you. But I have found Sansa Stark. Alive and well and home again living at Winterfell. That's not possible. My sources are well placed. They tell me Roose Bolton plans to marry her to his son Ramsay, a bastard recently legitimized by King Tommen. Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father. Indeed, his reward for stabbing his own king in the heart. We were fools to trust a turncloak. Marrying his son to the last of the Starks gives him more legitimacy in the North than an alliance with a hated southern house. I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on their bloody Sigil. I would counsel patience, Your Grace. Patience? Sansa helped murder my son. Roose Bolton is a traitor. Stannis Baratheon is also a traitor, marching with his army on Winterfell. Let Stannis and Roose battle. Let the enemies of the throne slaughter each other. And when they're done, seize Winterfell from whichever thief survives. Winterfell is 1,000 miles away from her The weather has already begun to turn. That is why it is critical to strike soon while the victor still licks his wounds. Surely your Uncle Kevan could muster a force. My Uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse. Ser Jaime, then. Jaime's away on a sensitive diplomatic mission. I have no idea when he'll be back. Perhaps I can help. The Knights of the Vale are some of the best fighters in Westeros, trained to battle in the ice and the snow. Forgive me, Lord Baelish, you have a reputation as a moneylender and a brothel keeper, not a military man. You wouldn't risk a single Lannister soldier or a single coin from the royal treasury. What do you have to lose? A brothel keeper? And if you succeed? Name me Warden of the North. I'll speak to the king this evening, have him issue a royal decree. I'll not rest until the lion flies over Winterfell. And I'll know you're a man of your word when I see Sansa Stark's head on a spike. As I said I live to serve. I'm going to ask him tomorrow. - What if he says no? - He won't. We've waited long enough. I want you to be my wife. Now. What is it? Do you want to marry me because our families arranged it? Or do you-- We can't. Not yet. Why not? You know why not. Someone will see. You are going to be my wife. I am going to be your husband. We're allowed to walk through the gardens together. How many other girls have you walked through these gardens? I like the way your eyes go squinty when you're jealous. They do not go squinty and you didn't answer the question. a lovely couple. A Lannister and a Martell. They have no idea how dangerous that is. We must protect them. Yes, my prince. You haven't had to use that axe of yours in a long time. I hope you remember how. I remember how. was as fair as the sun And her kisses were warmer than spring The Dornishman's blade It was made of black steel And its kiss was a terrible thing The Dornishman's wife would sing as she bathed - In a voice that was sweet as a peach-- - All right, that's enough. I'm coming to the best part. We're trying to blend in. Don't want everyone in Dorne to hear your accent. This song really is all about the ending. It can wait. There. That's the Water Gardens. the princess, then what? I like to improvise. That explains the golden hand. Unbroken. For Oberyn. For Oberyn. Well, she's made herself at home. Myrcella. Uncle Jaime? I-- I don't understand. What are you doing here? Let's speak in private. - I am Trystane Martell. - Trystane is my intended. Excellent. Good to meet you. We weren't expecting you, Lord Jaime. Why don't you let them have some time alone, son? Let's not do something stupid. - That was something stupid. We have to go, Myrcella, now. - You hurt him! - He'll be fine, I promise. But we have to-- Oh, for fuck's sake. Take her! - You're coming with me. - I don't want to. I wasn't asking, princess. - Ah! - Drop your weapons! I am Obara Sand. Daughter of Oberyn Martell. I fight for Dorne. Who do you fight for? Drop your weapons. When you were whole, it would have been a good fight. You fight pretty good for a little girl. Halt! Oh, you can smell the shit from five miles away. Well, why have we stopped? Go on. Rumors and gossip, that's all they've got. It's theater, nothing more. If they arrested all the pillow biters in King's Landing, there'd be no room left in the dungeons for anyone else. Everyone knew about him and Renly. Renly Baratheon shagged half the stable boys in the Seven Kingdoms. Everyone knew, no one cared. But he was the king's brother. And Loras is the queen's brother. No, no, no, no. This is unacceptable. - Cersei's behind it. - Yeah, of course she is. She wants to drag our name through the dirt, put us in our place. Get some rest, dear. You look appalling. Let me deal with Cersei Lannister. Your Grace, I have travelled a long way. You must be exhausted. Put the pen down, dear. We both know you're not writing anything. Ah, yes. The famously tart-tongued Queen of Thorns. And the famous tart Queen Cersei. I beg your pardon? I know you're behind this absurd incarceration of my grandson. If you apologize for that comment, perhaps I'll-- You'll get your apology when I get Loras. I was as shocked as anyone when the Faith arrested Ser Loras. I have no love for these fanatics, but what can a Queen Mother do? Has the crown suddenly stopped needing the troops, gold, and wheat my house supplies? I can assure you, our alliance with House Tyrell remains-- Do you expect the alliance to continue after you've thrown our future into prison? As I said, I didn't imprison anyone. As for your veiled threats-- What veil? The Lannister-Tyrell alliance brought peace to a war-torn country. Do you really want to see the Seven Kingdoms slide back into warfare? I didn't trust your father. I didn't particularly like him. But I respected him. He was no fool. He understood that sometimes we must work with our rivals rather than destroy them. House Lannister has no rival. The High Septon has called for an inquest, not a trial. Just a small hearing to determine whether the charges against Loras have merit, which I'm sure they don't. Loras will be freed, our happy alliance will continue and we'll forget this unfortunate conversation ever happened. Good day, Lady Olenna. You are aware of the rumors concerning you and Renly? I don't pay attention to rumors. You were said to be despondent when he died. Witnesses state that you refused to leave his bedside even as Stannis's army closed in. He was my friend. He was my king. Wasn't Joffrey your king? He was anointed by the Seven, not Renly. I was wrong to support Renly's claim, I know that. But I was forgiven by Joffrey. I fought for him at the Battle of Blackwater. Yes, wearing Renly's armor. Why does it matter what I wore? Do you deny all the charges against you? Fornication. Buggery. Blasphemy. Of course I deny them. You never lay with Renly Baratheon? Never. Nor any other man? Never. That will be all, Ser Loras. Well, I think that's quite enough of that. The Faith calls Queen Margaery forward. You call me forward? Yes, we have some questions for you. - I am the queen. - You are. And according to the law of the Seven, neither kings nor queens are exempt from testimony at a holy inquest. How do you respond to these charges against your brother? They are lies. - All of them? - All of them. Queen Margaery, in the presence of the gods, do you swear that your brother is innocent of these charges against him to the best of your knowledge? Yes, I swear it. Thank you, Your Grace. Do you know this man? Yes, very well. He is Ser Loras Tyrell, heir to Highgarden. How did you come to meet? I squired for him. He took a liking to me. He summoned me to his chamber the first day we met. And what occurred in his chamber? We engaged in intimate relations. You lay with him? That night and many others. Liar. He's a liar. Is there anyone else who can support your claim? Yes. Yes, Queen Margaery. She walked in on us once not long ago. She didn't seem surprised. This testimony is an insult to a great house. Why should the Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden? Your Grace. Quite high on his thigh. Wine-colored and roughly the shape of Dorne. No! Liar! What are you doing? Let us pass. The Faith is satisfied there is enough evidence to bring a formal trial for Ser Loras and Queen Margaery. What? Bearing false witness before the gods is as grave a sin as any, my lady. Take her. No. Tommen. Tommen! You can't do this. I am the queen. Tommen! Tommen! I am your queen. How dare you? Take your hands off me! Tommen! What do you want? Lord Ramsay sent me to draw you a bath, my lady. You want to be clean and fresh for your new husband, don't you? You're so beautiful, but you need to keep him happy. Ramsay gets bored easily. You don't want to end up like-- well, like the others. What others? I shouldn't gossip. Oh, it's good to see the red again. No point hiding anymore. What others? Let's see, there was Kyra the blacksmith's daughter. She was tall like you, lovely figure. But she talked and talked and talked and Ramsay grew tired of that. Then there was Violet. She had gorgeous blonde hair. But she got pregnant. And, well, that was boring. Then Tansy. Such a sweet girl. Of course, sweet girls get a bit dull after a while, don't they? Ramsay let me come with him on that hunt. Hunt? Mmm. Have you ever seen a body after the dogs have been at it? Not so pretty. But, well, it's your wedding day. Why am I talking about such things? What was your name again? Myranda. And how long have you loved him, Myranda? Did you imagine that he would be with you forever, is that it? And I came along and ruined it. I'm Sansa Stark of Winterfell. This is my home and you can't frighten me. Are you done with your bath, my lady? Go. I can finish on my own. - Yes? I've come to escort you to the godswood, my lady. If you please, my lady, will you take my arm? No. Lord Ramsay, he said I'm to take your arm. I'm not touching you. Please. He'll punish me. You think I care what he does to you? Who comes before the old gods this night? Sansa of the House Stark comes here to be wed. A woman grown, trueborn and noble. She comes to beg the blessings of the gods. Who comes to claim her? Ramsay of House Bolton. Heir to the Dreadfort and Winterfell. Who gives her? Theon of House Greyjoy, who was-- who was her father's ward. Lady Sansa, will you take this man? I take this man. Are you pleased, my lady? Good. I want you to be happy. My father said you're still a virgin. - Uh, yes. - Why? Why are you still a virgin? Afraid of dwarves? Lord-- Lord Tyrion was kind. He was gentle. He never touched me. You're not lying to me? No, my lord. Lying to your husband on his wedding night, that would be a bad way to start a marriage. We're man and wife now. We should be honest with each other. Don't you think? Yes. Good. Take off your clothes. Oh, no, no, no. You stay here, Reek. You watch. Do I need to ask a second time? I hate asking a second time. Reek I told you to watch. You've known Sansa since she was a girl. Now watch her become a woman.