Don't forget, Greendale. It's the last day to sign up for a spring semester elective. Horseback riding, waterskiing, fencing. Those are just a few classes we can afford to offer if enough people pay to learn hopscotch. Oh, they've got a class on jokes. Don't take that. I dropped it after the lesson on setups. The professor is so old So many classes. I don't know what to choose. I'll give you the advice my father gave me the night I lost my virginity. "Just pick one. They all cost the same." You could always take "The Actor Inside" with me and Troy. How'd you get dragged into that one? Our dance teacher encourages us to take acting to tap into our emotions, so Troy and I both decided to take it together. Hm. Foosball was full? On the wait list. Don't give up. I was on the wait list for this class for a year and I got in. "Who Indeed: A Critical Analysis of Television's Who's the Boss?" The professor is the author. We got him? I know. So, what are you taking, Jeff? While you are expanding your minds and souls, I'll be expanding my liver in Italian Wine Tasting. I'm taking that one too. How do you say "ha, ha" in Italian? I'll look it up. Come on, it'll be fun. I can give you pointers. I was a lawyer at a top-tier law firm. When I wasn't shielding the wealthy, I was drinking their finest wines. You have your own wine cellar? Pierce does. And it's "ha, ha." Anyone can have a cellar. It's what's in it. Pierce's has a special gym with swings and saddles. Uh, we don't We don't discuss the special gym. Attention, please. Attention, please. All elective forms must be in by the end of the day. Oh, nice job, Manuel. And good news, there's still plenty of room in my PA Announcements class. Just 10 bucks an hour. You're taking this too? Hell, yeah. You got drunk ladies, fancy bathrooms and a room full of free coats. Sorry I'm late, man. I brought you a present. Oh. From before your chin dimple filled in. Uh, excuse me. So sorry. Hm. Whoa. Who is the dumpling with the nice Asian pair? That's the first time sexism made me hungry, but she is something. I fear I may have to let her see me nude. I might have to take a shot myself. What's funny? Why would a woman want a Plymouth on blocks when she could have a Testarossa with a six-speed stick? Because my stick is ribbed for her pleasure. I think those are wrinkles. Let that breathe. Lingering scent, full body, perfect nose. Very nice wine. I was talking about you. Jeff Winger. Wu Mei Hong Long. Oh, what a lovely name for a lovely Uh Not interested. Please take weird haircut, stupid grin, and go sniff another dog's ass. Heh, heh. The red dragon ordered a Number When you get up close, she's very homely. This is gonna be fun. I can't wait till we choose stage names. Which do you think is better, Trevor St. McGoodbody or David? Don't think you have to worry about that. This is about introspection. Drag. Less of a drag. Quiet! Form a trust circle around me and sit on the floor. - A trust circle? - It's just a circle. It's a circle. Sit down. Acting is revealing, expression. When we release pain, we become visible to each other, and that is an actor's job. That and, you know, pretending to be other people. Let's start with you. Access and share with us a profoundly deep and painful memory. I'm on the playground. Stop taunting me. I just want to go on the swings! Good. Early childhood is a treasure trove of pain. That happened this morning. You're up. Me? Um I don't think I don't want you to think. Feel. Go back. Dig in, emotilise. Something hurt you. Um I was captain of my high school football team. It was very hard being popular. - What a loser. - Okay, great. Next person. I've always felt somehow ignored, almost invisible. Every time I go to say something, somebody My uncle put his finger in my no-no. What? Oh, my God. This. This is where acting begins. Welcome to A Critical Analysis of Who's the Boss? I am Professor Peter Sheffield, and I'd like to begin with a simple question: Who was the boss? Yes. Angela. Oh, well, class dismissed. No, calm down. Calm down. I'm sorry, um, Mr? Abed. The answer is not quite that simple, Mr. Abed. Few are. Now, if everyone could please turn to Page 12 in my book. Ahem, loser. You have to finish that by tomorrow? Yeah, but it's a page-turner. I'm on the chapter where he traces Tony Micelli's genealogy to Caesar. Better than wine tasting with Pierce. Refused pinot noir, thought it was French for "black penis." And he's late, again. It's not your fault. It's not your fault. Thank you. He'll be here. He wouldn't miss a chance to say something offensive. Man's gonna run out of ways to shock people. Everybody, this is Wu Mei, and we're getting married. But it's not gonna be today. So you're getting married to that beautiful young thing? Well, uh, stranger things have happened. No. No, they haven't. You said you guys just met? Yesterday after wine tasting class I mentioned that her breasts were larger than most Asian women, and we just got to talking. Turns out Pierce has been to China many times. To get fireworks too dangerous for Mexico. No. I go to visit my factory. Hawthorne Wipes are the number-one towelette in Asia. After a few minutes, we both just knew we were meant to be together forever. Or at least until she gets heavy. And now we must leave you. Many plans to make. Yes, yes, big plans. Well, what are we gonna do? Plan an engagement party. You out of your mind? This is a scam. She's after his money or a green card. They seem to like each other. Pierce married three of his wives after knowing them a month. Maybe he's just a romantic. Not that you would understand romance. Don't preach to me about romance. I had a three-way in a hot air balloon. Fine. Guess I'll do it myself. Ready to go? Mm-hm. Boy, he seems really worked up. Hey, don't take on his pain. Tend your own garden. I'll see you in class. What's going on? Oh, um I didn't have a painful experience to share in acting class, so I said my uncle tried to touch my butt. Britta's attracted to pain. Helps her pretend to be healthy. Really? Yeah. I hadn't noticed. Troy? Hm? Nothing good can come of this. Yeah. I'll have to think hard about how to defuse the situation. No, Uncle Lucius, I don't wanna play in the laundry room! My emotions! My emotions! - That was really beautiful. - Actors dismissed. Uh, for homework, drink a glass of cognac in a bathtub. Troy, I feel like I'm seeing a whole different side of you. There's just so much darkness. And my soul is darkening, and my heart is mad at my kidneys, and My mouth See you tomorrow. Um, hello. Oh, hi. I'm glad you could come. Please sit. Okay. I felt like we got off on the wrong foot, and I wanted to offer you my other foot. First, let me say how happy I am for you both. Your parents must be so excited. Are they coming to the wedding? Oh, they would not miss it. My mother will make the customary shark's fin soup, and my father will get drunk and make bad impression of Borat. Oh, so your parents don't mind having a son-in-law roughly their age? No. Pierce is a beautiful, wise man, very gentle soul. Let me tell you that I am a lawyer, so if you need any help at all, navigating the whole green card, immigration hassle I am dual citizen already. Oh. If you'd like me to look at the prenup I assume you have one. Yes, but my father's lawyers will take care of this. After all, we must protect our family fortune. Hm. Now I'm stumped. Excuse me? Uh It was That means it was very nice talking to you. Oh. Okay, if you say so. Okay. Bye. Okay, goodbye. Why were you grilling her? I'm gonna bust into her apartment. Do you have any grappling hooks? Maybe Pierce found his soul mate. How can you say those things without irony? That's why they call me irony-free Annie. Mm, trust me, that's not what they call you. Yes? Oh. Mr. Abed. What can I do for you? I finished your book, professor. I've been watching Who's the Boss? There's something you overlooked. Mr. Abed, will you look at my wall? Mm-hm. What do you see? Photographs. Of what? You. With whom? Tony Danza, Judith Light, Alyssa Milano, Who's the Boss caterer Gordon "Giddy-up" Galligan. I have studied this show, Mr Abed. I am not a fan, I am not a groupie, I am an academic. When I ask the question, "Who's the boss?" It is a rhetorical question. When I ask the question beyond the question, "What is a boss?" I really think it's Angela, because if it's a boss you're looking at Enough! I would like you to leave. My mind is open. Open as the door to Mona's bedroom. It's a shame yours isn't. I beg your pardon? You know, I just got a wonderful idea. Why don't you teach the next class? That way you can share your open mind with everybody. Cool. Cool, cool, cool. Pew! I couldn't be more touched you threw us an engagement party. You said if we didn't, you'd slash our tires. Ha, ha, ha. She is funny. Like Oprah. Oprah's not a comedienne. No, you are funny, and you are like Oprah. Heh, heh, heh. Yeah. What? WU MEl: Thank you. Pierce. I'd like to offer sincere congratulations. It's hard to find people you can stand, let alone someone willing to stomach your imminent dementia and present incontinence. Thank you, Jeff. I just hope she can satisfy me. I'm like an insatiable baboon in the bedroom. Don't sell yourself short. You're a baboon everywhere. Seems like just yesterday me and Abed dined and ditched here. Here, hold this. Bah. What is this? I carry spare apps in case the staff's racist. Where's a napkin? Here you go. Oh, thanks. Check that out. Hats off to Pierce and the hot red dragon. Why do you keep calling her that? "Hong Long" means "red dragon." That's her middle name. In China, they put the last name first. I mean, they're nuts over there. Thank you all for coming. I know it seems fast, but when you find the right person, you know. I know because I've found the right person seven times. So the drinks are on me, but stick to the crappy stuff. I don't wanna get cornholed on the bar tab. Pierce, you can't just throw around a term like that. Cornhole. Cornhole. Cornhole. Pierce, Troy was molested. Cool. Troy, we didn't know. Troy, do you need me to recommend a support group? Hey, he's not a victim. You're a survivor. Yeah, about that. I wasn't so much "molested" as much as I "made it up." What? We're gonna laugh so hard about this later. I'd like to propose a toast. Wu Mei Hong Long, better known as Mei Hong Long Wu, is not only not a Greendale student, she works for Red Dragon Wipes, the number-two wipe in Asia, currently attempting a takeover of Hawthorne Wipes. So please, raise your glasses, to saving Pierce from the clutches of a corporate spy. And to me for being attractive enough to get a girl like her under normal circumstances. Very impressive, Veronica Mars. You learned how to use Google. And you learned to fight your desire for me. Oh, stick it. You suck. Wait, wait, wait. Record scratch app. Where'd everybody go? Most people went home. The rest went with Chang to have a ketchup fight. I better get back there before he starts playing monkey drop. Don't ask. Oh, uh Do you wanna come? Why would I wanna go anywhere with Judas Winger? You're mad? You should thank me. For what? Ruining my relationship? What relationship? You just met the woman, and the entire thing was a lie. She was just using you to get your company. And I was just using her to get her company in the sack. People use each other, Jeff. It doesn't mean that there aren't feelings that go with it. I liked her. She was busty. I thought we had something. I was trying to help you. I think what you were trying to do is prove that no woman could want me. You're here. Look, Britta, I'm really sorry. Troy, kissing you was a mistake. It will never happen again. Good. Before my ex-boyfriend Pablo was arrested for forging church relics, he accused me of only being attracted to a certain kind of guy. It was hard to understand him, though. He was huffed up on paint thinners. Well, maybe someday you'll fall for someone who's healthy. Someone who, other than his irrational fear of automatic toilets, is normal. Who would like to begin today? I would. With a confession. My uncle never stuck his finger in my plop-plop. I know, I'm bummed about it too. I'm sorry. I wanna be interesting. I wanna fit in with you guys. I wanna be able to be an actor. The pain of not having enough pain is still pain, young man. That may sound like an easy resolution, but we're not writers. We're actors. Story doesn't matter here. All that matters is our time in the spotlight. And so, by all known definitions of the word "boss," I.e., one with authority over another, in nine of 11 possible fields in which one might teach, employ, guide, oversee, andlor hold dominion, the empirically provable answer to the question "who's the boss?" is Angela Bower. Class dismissed. Class dismissed! There's a path you take and a path untaken. The choice is up to you, my friend. I wonder why Jeff and Abed didn't show. I don't know about Abed, but I'm sure Jeff just found another life to destroy. You thinking about studying acting? I'm auditioning for Garrity's all-black production of Fiddler on the Roof. It's called Fiddla Please. What's she doing here? I asked her to come. I was thinking maybe you two were meant to be together. You're both rude, deceitful and racist, and you both come from moist-wipe dynasties. I think having that much in common justifies at least one real date. I guess we could go out to dinner. You're paying. You're dressing slutty. Fine. How about Mexican? How about Thai? They're like Chinese Mexicans. Heh. So true. Hm. # It's hard to be Jewish It's hard to be Jewish # # It's hard to be Jewish In Russia, yo # # It's hard to be Jewish It's hard to be Jewish # # Hard to be Jewish in Russia, yo # # Bagels and lox Diamond shops # # It's hard to be Jewish In Russia, yo # # Hard to be Jewish Hard to be Jewish # # Hard to be Jewish in Russia, yo ## Someone drop an Old Testament beat. Dreidels.